Abstraction:
    Abstract is a keyword in java.
    2 types pf hiding-
        1. Within the class(hiding data members using private ,this is encapsulation,achieved by getters and setters)
        2. Hiding full class
    Abstract can be both class or method
    abstract keyword will help to hide functionalities.It will be achieved using
        1.abstract class
        2.Interface
    Car-> engine,gearbox,brakes,this functionality is hidden
    Showing essential features of an object to the user and hiding inner core details/functionality to reduce complexity.
    This is implemented using abstract and interface

    Abstract class:
        -incomplete class will have incomplete methods
    abstract void methodName(); --> incomplete method, no body or implementation
    Until you override abstract methods from parent class,you have to define child class as an abstract. Once all methods are overridden then child can be declared as normal class.

Abstract class -
    All members are can be public,protected and private in nature.
    can not have an object.So no point of having a constructor as no one is going to call it.But can have a constructor.
    Can not be final.Can have concrete methods too.


Interface:
    All members are public in nature.
    Used to hide implementation.
    Variables will be inherited into sub class
    methods are by default incomplete
    can not have concrete methods, Only default and static methods are allowed in interface
    can not create an object on an interface
    The class which implements this interface, no need to override static and default methods as these are complete methods.

Static:
    common attribute between different objects.(e.g. anything written on a blackboard, every student can see it.For every student,its same)
    Basically used for memory management
    static can be data member,class,function and block.
    No need to create object of a class to access static members as these are available in class loaders.It can access static members directly.
    Whenever object is created,block(instance initialization block) will execute. Static block will execute only once when class is loaded.


AFter java 13, 100% abstraction is not possible with interface because of default and static methods.